Team690-1: Eric and Babatunde, Very good first poster draft, but more work needed. Here are some comments that need revision/attention: Header: Adjust “Winter 2020” to “Fall 2020” on the upper right side. Also, set the header font size larger so it goes across the poster. Also, adjust to add your first names as well. Overall layout – Also, please ensure all text throughout all boxes are in justify mode, not left aligned. Also, check spacing between sentences – should be one space, not two (not line spacing, space after dot at the end of sentences!). Adjust Also, check and adjust all figures and tables caption to ensure all are consistent in the font, size, location, etc. General note on acronyms - ensure all acronyms are established the first time they appear in the text per APA (capitalize the first letter of each word) even simple ones and don’t re-establish or use the full term of the acronym words again in the document after establishing it. Adjust Introduction: Provide first an overview of the topic before talking about the company. See other prior posters. Also, avoid repeated “and” as it make run-on sentences. Problem: Add references to back your claims, I said this before, still not there... Facts: Add acronym for “(NIST)” - also cite it per APA with year. Goals: Main goal should be Network architecture redesign to help the company harden their network! It’s your title... isn’t it??? Adjust! Training is managerial... OK to have it, but not as the main goal! Actions: Table 3 – adjust all row background and color code it per NIST function categories. Adjust to add figure captions. Also, the “Proposed...” should be “Proposed Topology” or “Proposed Network Architecture” and be consistent with the “Current...” Also, it’s hard to see the VLANs – color the double lines in red so it’s clear. RMA: Your risks are still invalid. “Guests can web browse to router and configure it” is NOT A RISK!!! It's a threat! Same for all the others. See my comments to your Assignment No. 1 and learn more on how to write cyber risks. Also, some of the text here is not clear. Work more on the text in the “Risk Description” column cells. Also – enlarge the font size as big as you can, you have plenty of empty space here and the text is too little. Also, unclear how High (likelihood) X Medium (impact) is higher in rank than Medium (likelihood) X High (impact) - the impact is more important here, no??? Adjust. Same for #4 vs. #5... Cost: Where are the costs for ACT#5??? Review to ensure you count all action items. Remove tax, it’s not needed. Remove underline for numbers References –Adjust to follow APA – check https://apastyle.apa.org/ on proper notation of conference proceedings. Please adjust the file ***By Wednesday Nov 4, 2020*** and send it back to me as attachment to e-mail (ensure to include ISEC695 – [Your Team #] in the subject of the e-mail) for additional review. Please ensure not to print the poster until my approval. Please ensure to incorporate any relevant feedback from the above comments into your Assignment 4 draft as well. Regards, Dr. Levy

